WORLDS OF WAR II RULES 



By registering and playing the game Worlds of War II you are agreeing to the rules below.  


1.  Definitions, the programming and administritive teams that control the game shall be collectivly know as "the creators" or the "game staff".   The reference "the game" will refer to the online game Worlds of War II.  

2.  The game is provided free of charge, therefore the creators offer no gaurentee that the game will perform as expected.  

3.  The creators will accept no libality for any fault, problem or ireularity caused by use of the game.  

4.  The creators reserve the right to delete and change any data stored on the games systems including data submitted by you.  

5.  You consent that no information that you provide will be held under on any "secure" system and therefore you must assume any information you provide is public.  

6.  The creators will reserve the right to make any modification of this agreement at any time without giving you any notice.  

7.  The creators wish the game to be as fair as possible, therefore you may only register to play the game once, any more than this is a breech of this agreement.  

8.  Breaking of this agreement will result in the termination of it and all information held about you excepting that needed to stop you registering again will be deleted.  

9.  The creators may terminate any registration at any point for any reason they feel fit, as the game is povided free of charge there is no gaurentee of its performace.

10. The creators will use reasonable judgement to determin what is cheeting and will take appropriate action, regarding this.  

11. The decisions of the game owners or one indivigual member of the owners (Scott Neville, Dean Harris and James Hemming) is final and can not be challanged.  

12. Abuse of any other player of the game is not tollerated under any circumstance, in some cases of raceisum and other inappropriate behaviour the creators reserve the right to notify the poliece of your actions and provide eveidence of audits.  

13. Abuse of any bug in the game or anything that a reasonable person would consider an programming oversight is cheeting and the registration will be delt with accordingly.  

14. The current version of the games use agreement or rules can be viewed at http://www.worldsofwar.co.uk/rules.txt

15. We will welcome all people to play the game with the exception of the following: chavs, townies, mushes, pikeys, time waisters, trolls, or other forms of idiots.  

16. MOST IMPORTANTLY OF ALL: Have fun, we provide the game, network and programming skill at great personal expense because we enjoy it, we hope you enjoy using the service we have worked very hard to provide :-)